Reject non-canonical IPv4 address forms in the Glacier2 address filters (#6049)
zeroc-ice/ice: changelog.d/service-glacier2/address-filter-host-normalization.md

- Improved the Glacier2 address filters, `Glacier2.Filter.Address.Accept` and `Glacier2.Filter.Address.Reject`: the

>   filters now normalize the host of each endpoint before matching it, so that all equivalent spellings of the same

Reviewer: The colon here feels weird, you'd expect it to list the "filters" being talked about, but it's like, delayed?
I guess the colon is tied to "the improvement" not "the filters" but it doesn't read that way to me.
```suggestion
- Improved the Glacier2 address filters: `Glacier2.Filter.Address.Accept` and `Glacier2.Filter.Address.Reject`. These
  filters now normalize the host of each endpoint before matching it, so that all equivalent spellings of the same
```

Author: I agree the colon read oddly. I ended up reworking the whole entry: the filters are just configured values and don't do anything themselves, so the router is now the subject — "The router now normalizes the host of each endpoint before matching it against the ... rules".

  host match the same rules. The normalization removes the trailing dot of a fully-qualified DNS name and converts
  IPv4 address literals to canonical dotted-quad form. Write IPv4 rules in canonical form (`127.0.0.1`): a rule

>   spelled in a non-canonical form no longer matches.

Reviewer: Also, I think it tried too hard to make this last sentence short.
With the current wording, it's not clear that "YOU need to write rules in canonical form" nor is it clear "this has changed", instead it feels like a tack on to the sentence above; how Ice normalizes it.
```suggestion
  IPv4 address literals to canonical dotted-quad form. Now, IPv4 rules must be written in canonical form (`127.0.0.1`);
  rules spelled in a non-canonical form no longer match.
```

Author: I dropped this sentence altogether. Before this change, matching was a literal string comparison, so a rule spelled in non-canonical form never matched the canonical host — it's very unlikely anyone wrote such rules, and telling users to change them suggests they previously worked. The entry now just describes the normalization, with an example (`0x7f.1` becomes `127.0.0.1`) that makes the expected rule spelling clear.
